On screen 3 I combined party size and number of anglers. It felt a little redundant to ask for both since the client wants to track zip codes
for all visitors, regardless of whether they are anglers or not.

I'm a little unsure of the timer algorithm efficiency. Please take a look and see what you think.

The bottom panel seems really low for screen 3. Is there any way to move it up?

What do you think of using a time picker? I'm a little concerned that it might be difficult to use on the tablets.

Apparently time picker doesn't support a "blank" time. The built in solution is a checkbox that allows the user to disable/enable on will.
See http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.windows.forms.datetimepicker.showcheckbox%28v=vs.110%29.aspx

Another solution is to just set the field to null/blank on object creation if the complete trip is toggled but this won't be visual for the
user. We could also do some flow logic related to the completed control, but that's a little funky in my opinion since it would disrupt the
"answering in a line flow". Ultimately this is probably up to the client, but I wanted to fill you in.

Is the notes icon on screen 3 a "pay" image? (I couldn't copy it from the Google drawing and needed it, so I grabbed my own from 
https://openclipart.org/detail/182788/bloc-notes-by-crisg-182788 Their policy allows royalty free use for commercial and non-commercial stuff.
But it won't be too hard to substitute yours in. The files for mine are in the images folder.)

Looking at page 15 (17 in Adobe Reader) of STOICreelProtocolWEST2014 does the tag type field on screen 3 cover both the mark and fin clip type
information?

Should we add a delete button for each fish line? Dan brought up the possibility of adding a fish by accident. 

How do you feel about the horizontal scrollbars that come with the autoscroll property on the tablelayoutpanel? I don't really like them, but
based on StackOverflow answers they might be hard to get rid of. Setting horizontalScroll.Enabled to false doesn't seem to do the trick and 
setting the right padding to 1 flickers, although at the moment (12/28) my whole table flickers. (Okay, flicker is gone but now the bars are 
still there.)


